the chosen one
hello I propose today to see you disappear
so it's a stunt that takes the base of the fomc should hardly be to
know that we can very well use it for English or sliding what we
interests today but also for the bonhomie azoumana fishing
predatory or vivid in e with a sliding float
so for no one
we will just take a point of Lyon in vain 22 hundredths
then a strand of 20 centimeters is largely sufficient
we will come to parallel
so our mid-term arm to 22 hundredths with our body of lyne
and we will realized with the little dragon for a hundredth
a loop that sleeps in prison and the body of lyne
on the agenda and tell it my little buckle yield taken on behalf of
insurers the body of lyne like these
so we found with afp
a loop in prison in the line body and a piece of nyon that exceeds
then it will be enough now to do with this little bit of nylon
towers that imprisons and another loop
and percent the line record so we'll do that six or seven times
so I take my arm
I do not want that around the line body and I go inside the loop
like these
so I do that we have six or seven times I shiver t
the line body and the little brown level actually makes
so here I did six or seven rounds
so once we've done these six or seven laps we're actually going to
find
with a share of one million
that's fine i would say the torso ardeurs around the loop and it's going
then simply grab the two nylon arms in twenty
hundredths
after mystifying the dominance and pulling to squeeze so our backs
stop
then we identify others from stop
and so our finalize them so for the rest still a very small
on-board operation of course we will not leave 200 th the two books
over with such a length
so we'll take a chisel and we'll cut his rights so I'll call you back
that it is important not to cut one's arms
valdano stop to arm to leave to the works 2 see 3 centimeters
in excess so that the password more easily in the
rings
this is how
and so we had to finalize when it's a really pity tool between
very well
however, if you wish to advise, do you always provide yourself with
refer to fishing an indelible marker
knowing how long a little indelible marker on a darling f
nokia reader is like a collage of big charges of the loan
of the marker in the spirit of union
so that will not stop you from moving your baby
will get a harder sliding and therefore accidental displacements
which are much less common
here I wish you good fishing English to the sliding and I
tell you see you soon